# Weekly Retrospective

Date and Time: 23:49, 30th of October (Wednesday)
Participants: All group members

## What went well
- Documentation of EML dark pattern Research is going Well. Lot's of papers, articles, 
software used in the past weeks have been saved to have a detailed account of work done. -Habib 
- The work on EML would be finished by the end of next week so hopefully would be moving on to the buried content dark pattern. -Ashus
- Able to detect individual notifications -Jara
- Created a Sitemap on lucidchart and developed the website based on the map using React Vite, and Material UI. —Ling
- Integrated the Autoplay function into the Vite migration branch, making it compatible with the new setup. —Ling
- Optimized the infinite scrolling code using React and merged it into the main page. -Jiaxin

## What to improve
- Report performance after receiving feedback from Andrea. -Habib
- Getting in contact with Andrea and other lecturers more in the week.-Habib
- The feedback on interim report was not at all what we expected. Special attention to be given to the final report. -Ashus
- The report went poorly and we need to have proper documentation -Jara
- Need to write our progress as we go along -Jara
- Detection of irrelevant notifications may be harder than expected -Jara
- Enhance the UI layout and color scheme of the Chrome extension for better usability —Ling
- Optimise the autoplay function code to improve performance. —Ling
- Two functions were demoed over the past two weeks; Hopefully the third function could be implemented soon. —Ling
- We have demonstrated the same two functions for two weeks; the third function needs to be implemented, 
  and the EML component should stay on track for a new demo as well. -Jiaxin

## Action items
- Committing EML research so far to GitHub. -Habib
- Research more about web scraping. -Habib
- Going forward would be building up report for each of the dark pattern as we work on it following professor andreas advice. -Ashus
- Linting needs to be set up -Jara
- Unit testing -Jara
- Docker containerization -Jara
- CI/CD - Jara
- Host the website on Netlify  —Ling
- Continue website development by adding dark patterns examples for user education and awareness. —Ling
- Implement chrome extension installation page on website —Ling
- Implement switch button and filter feature in the Chrome extension to ensure it works as a whole. —Ling
- Conduct color research on dark pattern types to refine the pie chart design. —Ling
- Improve the UI of the extension -Jiaxin
- Integrate the three functions to work together within one extension -Jiaxin
- Connect the EML component with the frontend -Jiaxin
