# Weekly Retrospective
Date and Time: 16:00, 11th of December (Wednesday)
Participants: All group members

## What went well
- Clickable piechart legend is running nicely. - Jara
- We finished the implementation of the chrome extension. - Jiaxin
- Final report is almost complete for eml.  need to refine the structure. - Ashus
- The website is finished; if time permits, more features will be developed. - Ling
- Autoplay and promoted ads were merged, and a small feature was added to Autoplay to enhance the user experience. - Ling
- Reset counting logic was implemented for the Chrome extension's badge count. - Ling
- Finalized Prompt For Obstruction. - Habib

## What to improve
- The Privacy Zuckering implementation could use more tips. - Jara
- Current tips do not raise awareness of what each setting does. - Jara
- We can work more efficiently for getting the report done together. - Jiaxin
- There is still some coding tasks left. The carousels and the eml. Will try to get stuff in by tomorrow. - Ashus
- The responsiveness of the website still needs to be fixed. - Ling
- Waiting for feedback from Prof. Andrea on the slides; improvements will be made based on the feedback. - 
- Adding more work added to report. - Habib 

## Action items
- Merge any outstanding completed features into main. - Jara & Ling
- Video demo needs to be completed. - Jara, Ashus, & Ling
- Get ready to demo and finishing the final report. - Jiaxin
- Refine the system diagrams for the presentation and add the prompt engineering section. - Ashus
- Get carousel working properly. - Ashus
- The data challenges in the presentation need more explanation. - Ashus
- Finish the slides. - Ling
- Preparing for final presentation. - Habib
- Continued work on report. - Habib

