# Weekly Retrospective 
Date and Time: 10:17 PM, 20th of November (Wednesday) 
Participants: All group members 

## What went well 
- The user evaluation report went very well, wont have to work a alot on it when working for the 
  final report (Ashus Zahid).
- The user evaluation from last week received positive feedback and went well. (Ling Jiang)
- The implementation of promoted ads is progressing smoothly. New features are currently being 
  added to give user  more control. (Ling Jiang)
- The accessibility of the Chrome extension has been improved. (Ling Jiang)
- The website's homepage and project page were updated based on expert reviews. (Ling Jiang)
- Finalised a prompt to use for ChatGPT code in extension. (Habib AbdulHamid)
- Documentation of all prompts used. (Habib AbdulHamid)
- Merging of Emotional Steering into the rest of the extension. (Jara Rodriguez)
- Merging of Autoplay and promoted ads is working well.  (Jara Rodriguez)



## What to improve 
- The website is still in progress and needs more implementation of the "Share" and "View More" 
  functionalities. More content needs to be added. (Ling Jiang)
- The compatibility of some dark patterns with other websites needs to be improved. (Ling Jiang)
- The compatibility of the Chrome extension needs to be improved to support more web browsers. (Ling Jiang)
- Uploading more documentation (Habib AbdulHamid)
- Emotional Steering output needs to be more concise. (Jara Rodriguez)



## Action items 
- Need to get the entire app together by the end of next week. (Ashus Zahid)
- Need to act on the feedback of the user evaluation of EML user journey. Change the user journey. (Ashus Zahid)
- Need to build the template for the final report, and build a timeline for the delivery. (Ashus Zahid)
- Integrating all the dark patterns has become a bit challenging and needs to be completed. (Ling Jiang)
- A/B testing plans will be conducted after accessibility is improved. (Ling Jiang)
- Will talk with Jara about the user journey of EML to ensure its consistent integration 
  with the Chrome extension. (Ling Jiang)
- Implement user feedback from the cognitive walkthroughs.(Jara Rodriguez)  
