# Weekly Retrospective
Date and Time: 21:09, 13th of November (Wednesday)
Participants: All group members

## What went well

- Creation of Figma prototypes for A/B Testing survey was successful (Habib AbdulHamid)
- Simplification of dark pattern Excel sheet for user evaluation report (Habib AbdulHamid)
- Finding participants for the survey (Habib AbdulHamid)
- Emotional Steering has been implemented, albeit a rough working version. (Jara Rodriguez)
- Cognitive walkthroughs and survey results have given great insight on what features or UI needs more attention. (Jara Rodriguez)
- Basic eml is implemented, so that is definitely a positive. (Ashus Zahid)
- Good feedback from professor andrea on evaluation report. (Ashus Zahid)
- The promoted ads detection feature has been implemented and functions as planned. (Ling Jiang)
- The intrusive highlighting overlay for autoplay detection was changed to a user-friendly dashed line. (Ling Jiang)
- The user evaluation report was drafted as planned and received positive feedback following the four phases. (Ling Jiang)
- Revisions were made to the initial user evaluation draft based on feedback. (Ling Jiang)
- Slides for the presentation were created. (Ling Jiang)

## What to improve

- Avoiding too much time being spent on prototypes (Habib AbdulHamid)
- Have the Emotional Steering output in the extension rather than the extension terminal. (Jara Rodriguez)
- Need to stop spending too much time on implementations that aren't working. (Jara Rodriguez)
- Eml report needs much more detail. (Ashus Zahid)
- Eml implementation needs to improve by alot. (Ashus Zahid)
- Although the promoted ads detection works, feedback from the user survey suggested adding a blur function on the ads, (Ling Jiang)
  which would only display when the user clicks. (Ling Jiang)
- Received the second round of feedback on the draft of the user evaluation report; changes will be made accordingly. (Ling Jiang)
- Feedback is needed for the slides, and there is a meeting with Prof. Andrea scheduled for tomorrow at 10 a.m. (Ling Jiang)

## Action items

- Answering all questions for user evaluation report in time for team review (Habib AbdulHamid)
- Emotional Steering needs to be merged with the other working functionalities. (Jara Rodriguez)
- Emotional Steering page style needs to be brought in line with the rest of the extension. (Jara Rodriguez)
- Engagement Notification was put to the side in favor of Emotional Steering. (Jara Rodriguez)
  Work still needs to be done on that front. (Jara Rodriguez)
- Implement or improve on feedback received from cognitive walkthroughs and surveys. (Jara Rodriguez)
- Presentation for the ecaluation report would take entire day on thursday. (Ashus Zahid)
- Eml functionality need the user experience to improve must implement the highlight text version of it. (Ashus Zahid)
- Must put in more research hours forneml report. (Ashus Zahid)
- Must also look at if its possible to provide user an easier readable version of terms (Ashus Zahid)
  and conditions as that too is dark pattern which i thinkn is easily solvable. (Ashus Zahid)
- Attempt to implement the blur function on promoted ads if time permits. (Ling Jiang)
- Work on fixing errors in the switch button functions during system testing. (Ling Jiang)
- Assign presentation parts to each group member for Friday. (Ling Jiang)
