# Weekly Retrospective

**Date and Time:** [27th Nov 2024]  
**Participants:** All group members

---

## What Went Well:

- Finalized a prompt for obstruction. _(Habib)_
- Found a solution to encrypting the API key. _(Habib)_
- Promoted ads and autoplay were merged smoothly, with conflicts resolved. _(Ling)_
- Re-designed the user journey for emotional steering detection and implemented the user flow. _(Ling)_
- Restructured prompts from the API response and rendered them on the emotional steering page. _(Ling)_
- Redesign the alert of infinite scorll detection, make it consistent with other detection functions. _(Jiaxin)_
- Nothing in particular. _(Ashus)_
- Update engagement notification implementation to fit with other implementations and merged with the other functionalities. _(Jara)
- Created the Obstruction branch and currently have a working implementation._(Jara)
- Created the Privacy Zuckering branch and began the base for implementation._(Jara)
 

---

## What to Improve:

- The EML response UI needs to be more visually appealing, avoiding long sentences or plain paraphrases. _(Ling)_
- Consider implementing a blog subscription feature for the website, if time permits. _(Ling)_
- Test cases for the obstruction prompt were fewer than expected. _(Habib)_
- Display the count of infinite scrolling events on a pie chart. _(Jiaxin)_
- The location and UI of Privacy Zuckering and Obstruction implementation. _(Jara)
- Reduce the amount of repeated code for Obstruction and EML along with other functionalities. _(Jara)
- The carousel that shows the tips for privacy zuckering needs to be dynamic. That would bring in the use of a database 
  and serverside language to our static website. _(Ashus)_
- The EML final report draft is lacking citations and literature review needs to be improved a lot. _(Ashus)_  
---

## Action Items:

- Implement the toggle button after all branches are integrated. _(Ling)_
- Work on making promoted ads compatible with more websites. _(Ling)_
- Conduct automated testing. _(Ling)_
- Decide between using Supabase or GitHub Actions for API key encryption. _(Habib)_
- Add a customizable timer to the result page, space permitting. _(Jiaxin)_
- Implement the rest of the changes from user feedback. _(Jara)_
- The EML final report draft needs to be sent out to mentors for feedback. _(Ashus)_
