# Weekly Retrospective 
Date and Time: 21:09, 6th of November (Wednesday) 
Participants: All group members 

## What went well 
- Finished detailed documentation of EML dark pattern research. -Habib 
- All diary entries are up to date for Thursday 6pm submission. - Habib 
- Read and understood how user evaluation report was done for past group. - Habib 
- Nothing major in what went well this week almost everything is a work in progress right now. So can't really say if its going to end well or not. - Ashus
- Have the notification detector up and running again. - Jara
- Improved the infinite scrolling function to make it work across different websites. It now displays the domain name and logo of the 
  current website when the timer starts. - Jiaxin
- Developed an evaluation plan and questions for the infinite scrolling function and its UI. - Jiaxin
-Autoplay detection is functioning well, with updates to the badge icon count when an autoplay is detected. Counts also reflect accurately in the pie chart. - Ling
-Updated icons and color schemes on the pie chart and dark patterns filtering list after research and survey for better visual clarity. - Ling
-Tested autoplay detection on other sites like BlueSky, it works across other sites; - Ling
-Added a customisation component on the settings page for more user control. - Ling
## What to improve 
- Documenting proper step by step process of past user evaluation report to aid with current user evaluation report being made. -Habib
- The diary entries need improvement and more details. - Ashus
- Have some sort of timer between notifications to alert users that they may be getting spammed and inform them where to turn off notifications. - Jara
- For the infinite scrolling timer, the user needs to manually input the time limit. -Jiaxin
- It’s urgent: The implementation of the notification function and EML must stay on track, as we need to evaluate them as part of the complete product. Currently, only the auto-play detection and infinite scrolling features are functional. -Jiaxin
-Added a switch to toggle detection on/off. It currently requires a page refresh to activate changes. This inconsistency needs fixing. - Ling
-Prof. Andrea provided feedback on the project website, and updates will be made based on these suggestions. -Ling
## Action items 
- A certified detection method for detecting promoted ads with teammate. - Habib 
- Report Building for eml, Burried advertisements tag detection, eml completion, getting everything ready in time to conduct evaluation for the presentation on 14th november. - Ashus
- Have selected web text be sent to the extension to be sent to OpenAI API. - Jara
- Finish implementing the notification function and integrate it into the main extension alongside the other two functions. -Jiaxin
- Connect the EML component to the frontend. -Jiaxin
- Add an option for users to enable or disable autoplay video pausing. - Ling
- Conduct research and begin implementing detection for promoted ads as a dark pattern. - Ling
- Continue work on filtering function implementation. Challenge is the communication between background file and content-scripts files. -Ling
