# Weekly Retrospective

Date and Time: 22:00, 16th of October (Wednesday)
Participants: All group members

## What went well

- Everyone has their own tasks to do and we are following the steps -Jiaxin
- Found code online for determining sentiment analysis on tweets pulled from Twitter API. -Habib
- Was able to add onto tweet pulling API code by getting pulled tweets to be downloaded locally to a device. -Habib
- Realised Orange won't to be used along with API. -Abdullah
- Realised sentiment analysis shouldn't be done within Excel sheet itself. -Abdullah
- Conducted research on autoplay detection methods and implemented a basic autoplay detection function. -Ling
- Managed to migrate from CRA to Vite. Configured it properly so it’s working. - Jara
- Able to test and choose UI libraries, ensuring they are accessible. -Jara
- Configured dependencies that will be used in the Chrome extension. -Jara
- Trying Expand the dataset already 14000 - Ashus
- Trying to make prototype of sentiment analysis on Orange; -Ashus

## What to improve

- we can work check the implementation together time to time to get other’s opinion and suggestions -Jiaxin
- The autoplay implementation is still in progress, with multiple bugs to fix -Ling
- Need to create to a balanced dataset of tweets not only focused on one political subject. -Habib
- May need to look for more diverse political tweets if what is taken from API isn't enough. -Habib
- Routing is set up, but there are issues that can be improved. -Jara
- Need more dataset -Ashus
- The API code needs to be constantly adjusted for political tweets - Habib and Abdullah

## Action items

- keep trying implementing the function and change the method if the current one doesn’t work -Jiaxin
- Visualize the autoplay counts on the piechart; -Ling
- Sync the autoplay counts with the badge icon -Ling
- Ensure the autoplay count is updated in real-time -Ling
- Need to reach pull limit from Twitter API before access expires. -Habib
- Engagement notification needs to be implemented.-Jara
- Linting needs to be set up.-Jara
- Unit tests, Docker container and CI/CD need to be set up. -Jara
