# Weekly Retrospective
Date and Time: 13:00, 9th of October (Wednesday)
Participants: All group members

## What went well
- Everything seems to be going smoothly and we feel like we're making nice progress. - Ashus
- A few responses from researchers ranged from permission to use their dataset to allowing us to reach out if we encounter any issues. - Habib
- The Figma prototype was clearly designed and made the coding process easier. - Ling
- There's a clear research structure in regards to the Dark Patterns, both who is doing what and what needs to be done. - Jiaxin
- The foundation of the project is set up well, which facilitates faster progress. - Abdullah
- The tools, services, and platforms that we've chosen are working for us and are helping with our progress. - Abdullah
- The roles and responsibilities have been clearly outlined and everyone is working on their assigned tasks. - Abdullah
- The Material UI library that we've chosen has significantly sped up development in the short time we've been using it. - Jara

## What to improve
- It feels like there are too many admin tasks and meetings. - Unanimous
- TUD's domain blocked some emails sent to researchers. - Habib
- The Figma prototype should be revised to v2 to flesh out features fully. - Ling
- There's a lot of reading and research and it feels like there's a lot less implementation. - Ashus
- Worried that the work on EML detection may take more time than we'd like. - Ashus
- There needs to be faster testing of detection methods. - Jiaxin
- It feels like the turnaround time for some of the tasks could be decreased. - Jara

## Action items
- Lots of frameworks were discovered when searching for dark pattern detection methods but no definitive answer was found; we need to determine detection methods ourselves. - Habib
- Code for detecting EML needs to be worked on and we need to find or create a proper dataset. - Habib
- Future features for the prototype and Figma need to be decided on. - Ling
- Extension code needs to be finished, and major features need to be worked on. - Ling & Jara
- The website still needs to be built and developed further. - Ashus, Jiaxin, Ling
- After the extension is finished we need to conduct usability tests, especially on functionalities. - Ling
