# Group Meeting (online)
**Date and Time:** 17:00, 30<sup>th</sup> November (Saturday)\
**Participants:** Jara, Ling, Habib, Ashus
## Discussion Summary
- Ashus showed a rough outline for the Final Report
- Went over marking scheme for Final Report
### ASD
- Jara and Ling discussed how to change shadcn's component variants and add our own variants
### DS
- Jara briefly covered how shadcn's carousel could be used to serve static content with Ashus. More documentation available on shadcn's website
- Habib received more information and clarification on the UI implementation for Obstruction