# Group Meeting (online)
Date and Time: 18:00, 26<sup>th</sup> October (Monday)\
Participants: Jara, Jiaxin, Ling, Habib, Ashus | Abdullah out sick
## Discussion Summary
### ASD
- frontend and backend talk together
- Jiaxin plans on migration, it's 1/2 thru, plans on tues/wedns
- infinite scrolling screen freeze, give it a try
- migration finished 1st
- prev wanted to add dtls/summary to detect # tweets
- Ling integrate to vite
- settings page
- navbar
- jara not too sure how background.js works
- engagement notifs - deadline unsure
- total time spent on autoplay
- inspect not bringing anything up
- add any failed attempts to report
- Jiaxin > track # of popup notifs
- analyze notifs
- unsure if we need any sort of hosting due to OpenAI API
- popup.js
- may ask Andrea about backend hosting
- website needs hosting - dp we dont finish?
### DS