# Meeting with Mentor(online)
Date and Time: 14:00, 29<sup>th</sup> October (Tuesday)\
Participants: Jara, Habib, Jiaxin, Ling, Ashus | Abdullah out sick
## Discussion Summary
### Meeting with Andrea
- Interim was very weak compared to the amount of work that we put in
- Update documentation every week with work being done
- Table of contents needs to be added/updated
- Label diagrams and add a table of diagrams
- External examiner will review the paper, doesn't know the work we put in
- Have high granularity in the report, easier to take portions out than put them in after a period of time
- Keep DP on website - research, future work, what can be done
- DOCUMENTATION - datasets - why didn't they work
- where tech needs to go, not just why it's working
- expert review with Andrea, ask her questions re frontend
- evaluation
### Team meeting
#### ASD
- JSON passed from OpenAI API to frontend to display
- Integration
- color research
- filtering ui set up but fxn is 1/2
- engagement notifs
#### DS
- Research on EML should be on the website

- Explained to mentor no datasets are involved in backend anymore
	- OpenAI model was mentioned to be used for backend

- Document dark pattern research  
	- What worked, didn't work and visualisations should be present
	- A page at least is needed for document 
	- Document should be detailed 

- ChatGPT API code is still in progress
