# Group Meeting(online)
Date and Time: 20:00, 31<sup>th</sup> October (Thursday)\
Participants: Jara, Habib, Jiaxin, Ling, Ashus

## General
- Discussed how slides would be made for tomorrows meeting
- Discussed current functionality of dark pattern detection for extension
 
## DS
- Tried implementing React App but there was a steep learning curve so help was asked from ASD side of the group.
- We have code for the API and are trying to regulate responses
