# Group Meeting (online & onsite)
Date and Time: 18:00, 25<sup>th</sup> October (Friday)\
Participants: Jara, Jiaxin, Ling (online & onsite) | Habib, Ashus (online) | Abdullah out sick
## Discussion Summary
### General
- Report was weak
- Write what has been done along the way: research, documents, and other decisions
- Make a copy of interim report as Final Report and populate with new info
- Add table of figures
- Make Gantt chart clearer and add proper weekly sprints 
- ASD member writes ASD minutes and same with DS
- Send Andrea an email re bank holiday Monday and meeting
### ASD
- Vite branch ready for migration as of Wednesday, routing is functional and page links ready to be implemented
- Ling and Jiaxian to merge their fxns into migration/chrome-extension-ui
    - Some issues noticed with possible merge, piechart and highlighting of videos not working on Jara's machine. Unsure of exact cause as of now. May be configs, different OS, or chrome/twitter settings
    - Autoplay implementation is using different configs and a few tsx files
- Jara to work on engagement notif fxnality/discover available options for implementation
- Jest/Vitest on backburner, same with CI/CD and containerization
- shadcn/ui is meant to be used as main UI library for accessibility / MUI to be used for piechart and icons
### DS
- Report was discussed.
- Discussed Interim presentation feedback.
- Damian said we should keep a record of any relevant information we come across.
- We may need to contact Brendan for the ChatGPT blog that has API code that may be useful.
- Discussed API price for ChatGPT
- Using AI outside ChatGPT
